Fix error types classification (#44234)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn_web_development/core/scripting/what_went_wrong/index.md

## Types of error

Generally speaking, when you do something wrong in code, there are three main types of error that you'll come across:

- **Syntax errors**: These are spelling errors in your code that actually cause the program not to run at all, or stop working part way through — you will usually be provided with some error messages too. These are usually not too hard to fix, as long as you are familiar with the right tools and know what the error messages mean!
- **Logic errors**: These are errors where the syntax is actually correct but the code is not what you intended it to be, meaning that program runs successfully but gives incorrect results. These are often harder to fix than syntax errors, as there usually isn't an error message to direct you to the source of the error.

> - **Runtime errors**: Runtime errors occur when the code has valid syntax, so the program starts running, but an error happens during execution. Examples include TypeError, ReferenceError, and RangeError.

Reviewer: I wouldn't include the examples here, as the reader is probably not going to know what TypeError, ReferenceError, and RangeError mean, so it isn't helpful.

Also, the description needs to say why an error happens during execution. The syntax is valid, so why does it cause an error?

Author: Thanks! Since I'm still learning JavaScript error types myself, this part of the article felt confusing. I understand the need to keep the explanation simple, so I’ve reduced it to a single, beginner‑friendly example and focused on explaining why a runtime error happens even when the syntax is valid. I’ve added a simplified suggestion above.

> - **Runtime errors**: Runtime errors occur when the code has valid syntax, so the program starts running, but an error happens during execution. Examples include TypeError, ReferenceError, and RangeError.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Runtime errors**: These happen when the code has correct syntax, so it can start running, but something goes wrong while it is running. For example, trying to call something that isn’t actually a function will cause a runtime error. The syntax is fine, but the operation itself cannot be performed.
```

> [!NOTE]
> See our [TypeError: "x" is not a function](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Not_a_function) reference page for more details about this error.

> ### Fixing errors round two

Reviewer: This change immediately makes the article more confusing to read because now the reader isn't sure what type of error is being covered in these sections. If you really want to make this work well, maybe describe this section as dealing with a runtime error?

> [!NOTE]
> See our [TypeError: "x" is (not) "y"](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Unexpected_type) reference page for more details about this error.

> ### Fixing errors round three

Reviewer: However, I'd defintiely argue that this one is a Syntax error

Author: You're right, so I’ll leave this one as it is.
